I think if there's anything we've
learned tonight it's that corduroy is
making a huge comeback I'm like oh he
got on a corduroy by the way thank you
for doing our show Crank Yankers did you
have fun doing that oh that's one of my
favorite shows
like just on Comedy Central so it's
surreal to actually to do it so like to
see my name in a promo and stuff was
really cool to see yourself as a puppet
- yeah it's funny when people make
puppets they're you that's how they
really that's what I think you look yeah
the real Bert and Ernie were furious
with this comedy special is very funny
first of all thank you shot it in very
interestingly in a high school gym yeah
which it and not only to shoot it in
high school gym but it gets dark
throughout the special like it starts at
I don't we guess you started in that Sun
around Sun bounce and then hidden
special it's dark yeah it's HBO out of
money what's going on did they spend it
all on Game of Thrones
that's funny people say that no that was
my choice I just didn't wanted to look
like everybody else yeah no I think it
was an interesting choice rock jiraiya
Carmichael who directed it he said yo I
got crazy eyes these are very creative
got very creative what'd you think about
a gymnasium I said what and but when we
went to see it and I saw this huge
window you know I started like picturing
like what if we it'd be cool to see the
sunset stage yeah and end up being some
really beautiful and I'm proud I don't
think I've ever seen a daytime
environment for a comedy special in the
first place I wanted to do something
different man yeah I don't want to put
the money back in the community so you
know which is crazy I shouted at Dorsey
high school I call it little real live
and Chris Shaw it was like people who
went to Dorsey high school with the
Christian high school they like they
don't realize to the rest of us around
the country for a long time I thought
Chris Shaw was a real it's own almost
City right and they don't know that
everybody still think that oh so that's
what made it live and Chris Shelby
the be honest with you would it not be
in a place the way they've always
described for much of boys in the hood
in all those classic yeah it's just the
vibe of whatever that community is so I
call it live and Crenshaw well I think
you did the right thing yeah like a lot
of a lot of the special like 80% of the
special is one story yeah you telling
this fantastic story about your did your
family like that the day this is what it
is yeah
what I did was I took all these
different stories of ever total stage
and I made it into one thing ah so it's
all true all true differently true now I
can't you know I had to make it had to
exaggerate some things you know people
sue you you know me do you have like
which of your relatives would be most
likely to sue you
that's a good question I'll be my dad
[Laughter]
I'm doing a screening in Chicago okay
and I got most of my family coming out
and we thought y'all was gonna invite
dad out but he'd been kind of like he'd
been telling like talking crazy to
people so I don't want to watch the
material and then like I've exaggerated
some things like dad not invited to the
screening so you know I did oscar movie
get out uh-huh
right I did a screening a very fun movie
oh cool drew right yeah right I did a
screening for uncle drew my dad I saw
get out and uncle drew movie uncle drew
is over where he's like going crazies
clapping I'm like they really like the
movie this is 20 times better to get out
[Laughter]
really good movie but not an academy get
out and I was like why it's like men get
out a new story that's just what it is
[Laughter]
[Applause]
yeah get out yet uncle tree at BIR box
what was the first like acting job that
you did it wasn't necessary active but I
did stand and work for our kill he's
trapped in the closet maybe the maybe
the funniest thing ever it really it's
an amazing thing I've watched it a lot
of time so what were you doing in I did
stand in for the cop the Michael Caleo
the cop yeah and my brother this is the
truce to my brother I got them to hire
him to do standing work to he was he was
a standing for the little guy alright
but he's not a little guy like five
eight
your brother is yeah yeah right it was
it was surreal watching it cuz it was
very creative and what it was yeah
that's where and this is just the honor
forgot you cuz four years there by that
world why don't you like art Kelly like
that uh-huh
and it was because of that experience
what did he do so and this is a true
story
Hey look I it first of all I'm from
Chicago and say what happened okay so go
for it
was it standing a young lady that was
actually when his background dances -
for a cup of his - stuff yeah and we
were just talking the whole time getting
to know each other laughs and having a
good time but every time she laughs I
found him just like staring at me like
oh so we come back to set the next day
right she's not talking to us at all
right at all we like yeah why she's not
talking to us and I walk over to the
satellite you know what I did I do
something it's like no he doesn't want
me talking to you who I say who Robert
buy another car killing robbers about
Robert Wow yeah so she did talk to us
the rest of the time we was filming it
and it was just like it was his crazy
and I remember him like smirking about
it right oh really oh really
have you seen him since that yeah it's
happened so the second time we had
already was there and it's once again I
was at John sickles his birthday party
yeah and I guess he wanted to meet me so
he sent somebody to me and we all of his
VIP area he won't like it was you know I
mean it was a party full of celebrities
nobody one that go like hey somebody
over here yeah Rob is a big fan man he
want to meet you it wasn't even about
the allegations with me it was how like
he was just he was so extra like that
sometimes man and I ain't like that and
like everybody not from the West Side
Chicago sorrow who I am
we don't that's too much Brian door
closes buddy to me family and well he
said somebody that you know what he's
not great with decision-making this is a
man who believed he could fly and he
can't yeah
well it's great to see you I hope you
don't run into again I mean really look
like that's gonna happen to the show the
special is lil rel Howery live in
Crenshaw premiers the 23rd
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies